# odin-recipes
in this project i wish to get a better understanding of git and its functanality.
i also wish to get used to using vs code and using the terminal to make move and delete files.
 my goal at the end it to have a better understanding of tools that will help me learn to to design websites and hopefully be a part of creating somethign very cool in the future. 

 6/20/2024
 as i was building out these recipes i remember someone back in my school days said something that i have forgoten until now. it went something like this 'a computer program is like making a cake. you have all your ingredents (tools) and your knowledge and resorces, but where you can fill in a lot of blanks and make simple assumptions like not to do something(like put the cake pan in the oven upside down. a computer dosent have that knowledge, unless you give it to it)'. making something isnt easy even as simple as a cake so its even harder when you have no background knowledge. i guess what im getting at is that its okay for it to take a while to learn something like a function in js, and thats okay. i need to code like this instead of using a step by step because it seems much harder to see the bigger scope of things.

 some other take aways ive collected is git as of now seems like a really simpple sunction even though im sure theres so much more then (git add .), (git commit -m"#some commite") and (git push origan main), but its sooo cool seeing the different iterations that one can look up and see that in github. ive also feel as tho i am getting more fimmiler with using the terminal and finf myself asking myself "maybe i can download this on my terminal" instead of clicking buttons online.im lwkey thinking about compleatly migrating to the linux kernal and diving deep into learning how to build out webpages for personal use. my only question i have is how do i keep learning programming with a baby on the way and how does gaming on the linus kernal work.
